PRINTING FULL LIST...........

Specific Requirements 8 3.1 Multiple File Transfer 8 3.1.1 The system must allow for multiple file upload to be configured on a per - page basis . 
9 3.2 Audio Recording 9 3.2.1 The system must allow actors to organize actors 's voice clips into a portfolio . 
2.2 The system must allow actors to download actors 's voice clips in a flexible format . 
9 3.2.3 The system must store audio clips in a format conducive to speech . 
9 3.2.4 The system must allow actors to delete recorded clips . 
10 3.3 Web Feeds 10 3.3.1 The syste m must allow web feeds to be turned on or off on a per - page basis . 
10 3.4 Search 10 3.4.1 An actor must be able to search through pages in a course . 
10 3.4.2 The system must display a search box on every page after an actor has logged in . 
11 3.5 Gradebook 11 3.5.1 A course administrator must be able to grade an assignment . 
11 3.5.2 The system should display grade information to the ap propriate actor . 
11 3.5.3 The system should maintain a grade history . 
11 3.6 Social Networking Applications 12 3.6.1 The system must provide a wiki where actors can collaboratively create networks of documents . 
12 3.6.2 The system must provide a blog engin e. 12 
4 Software Requirements Specification Date : 10/25 / 2007 Confidential Ed Altorfer , Walker Lindley , Chris Haller , Stefan Moluf , 2007 Page 5 3.7 Notifications 12 3.7.1 The system must provide both e - mail and SMS notifications for pages . 
General System Functional Requirements 12 4.1 Usability 12 4.1.1 As far as possible , the system should provide a simple , responsive interface . 
12 4.2 Reliability 13 4.2.1 The system must be backed up on a configu rable schedule . 
13 4.2.2 The system should be available 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . 
13 4.3 Performance 13 4.3.1 The system should support at least 1000 concurrent users . 
Additionally , the enhancements will take the opportunity to redesi g n the user interface to reflect a more natural flow of data . 
These requirements are based on the assumptions that Moodle will be adopted at the University of Puget Sound and that any enhancements to the system will utilize the existing APIs made availabl e by Moodle . 
In its 's initial form , its initial form is incomplete by definition , and will require continuing refinement . 
Requirements may be modified and additional requirements may be added as development progresses and the system description becomes more distilled . 
This information will ser ve as a framework for the current definition and future evolution of the 2 . 
We also intend to apply this document to Moodle to deter mine whether We can implement some of the features that Moodle lacks and We 's stakeholders find to be important . 
Priority 3 : Just barely outside the parameters of Priority 2 ; considered very important to supplement critical functionality Priority 4 : Outside t Just barely outside the parameters of Priority 2 parameters of Priority 2 ; considered valuable as a supplement to other functionality , but not critical the Priority 1 -LRB- Core-RRB - and Priority 2 set of req uirements , along with such Priority 3 requirements as can be developed within the project timeframe and budget constraints . 
3.1 Multiple File Transfer The system must be able to capture and manage files where appropriate . 
These might include assignment submission pages , forum pages , wiki pages , and announcement pages . 
An actor in the role of course administrator should be able to optionally upload multiple files where An actor in the role of course administrator or she finds that such as feature would be useful such as on a devoted project page . 
4 Software Requirements Specification Date : 10/25 / 2007 Confidential Ed Altorfer , Walker Lindley , Chris Haller , Stefan Moluf , 2007 Page 9 3.1.1 The sy stem must allow for multiple file upload to be configured on a per - page basis . 
Actors in the capacity of course administrator or professor should be able t o enable multiple file uploads on a page of his 's or her 's choosing . 
For collaborative projects , it becom es important for actors to be able to upload more than one file to a given page , especially in the case of an assignment submission where the assignment might include multiple parts . 
3.2 Audio Recording The system mus t be able to capture and organize voice clips that can be used where appropriate . 
One of the shortcomings of the current courseware system is that the foreign language department is unable to capture and t rack voice clips recorded by students for oral Priority : 2 3.2.1 The system must allow actors to organize actors 's voice clips into a portfolio . 
Actors in the role of professor or system administrator should be allowed to partition this space for actors in th e roles of students . 
This can be done one of two ways : 1-RRB - the actor can be allowed to preview the voice clip before preview the voice clip is archived and determine whether or not the actor or she would like that clip to be archived , or 2-RRB - a newly created voice clip can be automatic ally archived . 
The first option would allow the actor to throw out an audio clip that is deemed to be unsuitable or inappropriate for an assignment without having to take an audio clip that is deemed to be unsuitable or inappropriate for an assignment out of an archive of voice clips . 
The actor should have the option to have the voi ce clip be archived after a preview has taken place . 
The second option would automatically archive a voice clip once submitted but would require that the actor interact with the archived file . 
Thus , if the actor chooses to delete the file , the file would need to be deleted from the archive of voice clips . 
The actor should be able to optionally attach one of his 's or her 's archived items to any page where uploads are permitted . 
The term archive used above may also be referred to as a portfolio . 
3.2.2 The system must allow actors to download actors 's voice clips in a flexible format . 
Voice clips should be optionally downloadable in a format such as MPEG Audio -LRB- mp3-RRB - format , since a format such as MPEG Audio -LRB- mp3 -RRB- format is widely supported across different web browsers and operating systems . 
Voice clips should be downloadable for archival purposes or for the purpose of presentin g them to other actors . 
3.2.3 The system must store audio clips in a format conducive to speech . 
Voice clips should be stored in a format optimized for speech since this feature is meant to catalog voice recordings . 
Recordings should only be converted to MPEG Au dio -LRB- mp3-RRB - format 
4 Software Requirements Specification Date : 10/25 / 2007 Confidential Ed Altorfer , Walker Lindley , Chris Haller , Stefan Moluf , 2007 Page 10 when they are being downloaded ; a separate viewer should be provided in a cross - platform language for listening to clips in Moodle . 
3.2.4 The system must allow actors to delete recorded clips . 
Since voice clips should be stored in a portfolio fo r each actor during each actor 's or her 's existence in the course management system , each actor or her should be able to examine each actor 's or her 's portfolio to select and delete clips if each actor or her chooses to . 
This allows him or her 's to manage archived voice clips and to create a coh esive portfolio that actors in the role of professor can use to judge improvement over time . 
3.3 Web Feeds The system mus t be able to display web feeds , such as RSS 2.0 feeds , for all pages of the course management system where elements such as forum posts , as signment postings , announcements , wiki alterations and other blocks of information that an actor may view are added . 
Actors in the role of course administrators should have the ability to determine which of these components have feeds and to whom these fee ds should pertain . 
Priority : 1 3.3.1 The system must allow web feeds to be turned on or off on a per - page basis . 
Actors in the course administrator role may not feel the need to provide web feeds for every page in Actors in the course administrator role 's course . 
During the creation and editing of a page , that actor should be able to toggle web feed availability . 
3.4 Search The system must be able to use search functionality as a way to navigate Moodle pages instead of using hierarchical links . 
Moodle can be difficult to navigate and requires too many clicks to be efficiently used . 
Priority : 2 3.4.1 An actor must be able to search through pages in a course . 
Actor s should be able to search for pages at the course level , since most actors will be searching for material in a given course . 
The search feature should be present in two ways . 
Second , a single page should be dedicated specifically to the task of searching the course management system . 
In addition to the basic search field , t his 's page should allow an actor to filter out certain results -LRB- such as forum posts or grades , etc..-RRB - 
Results should appear in categories -LRB- e.g. , Assignments , Wiki Pages , Forum Posts , etc..-RRB - 
When the actor clicks a search result link , they should be taken to the page corresponding to the search result . 
I n addition , the search page described above might allow for the possibility of searching the world wide web using a standard search engine such as Google . 
3.4.2 The system must display a search box on every page after an actor has logged in . 
Actors should be abl e to search from any page . 
If the actor is hierarchically outside of a particular course , each of the actor 's or her 's courses should be searched and results should be grouped by course . 
If the actor is hierarchically inside of a course , that course should be search ed with an option to search all courses . 
3.5 Gradebook The system must allow actors in the capacity of course administrator to post grades associated with assignments for a particular actor in the capacity of student . 
Actors in the role of professor may want t o optionally grade assignments online since Actors in the role of professor are being submitted electronically by actors in the role of student . 
Priority : 1 3.5.1 A course administrator must be able to grade an assignment . 
Course administrators should be able to post grades for an assig nment based on the ratio of points earned to points possible . 
The course administrator should also be able to attach feedback in the form of text or an attachment -LRB- as described above-RRB - . 
Time stamps should be attached to the last time the grade was modified so that actors may examine when particular grades were submitted and how an actor in the role of student has improved or lessened an actor in the role of student 's performance in the course . 
3.5.2 The system should display grade information to the appropriate actor . 
The system should displa y grade information such as the grade for each assignment , averages , and overall grade to the actor to whom the grades belong . 
No other actor should be able to whic h the grades belong . 
3.5.3 The system should maintain a grade history . 
The system should maintain a history of grades for a particular assignment if the course administrator changes them . 
This way , another actor can review the grade information if their 's 
Course administrators can also track how Course administrators have changed a score over time using the timestamps associated with each change to the gradebook . 
There are better , freely - available solutions which should be integrated into Moodle to provide the best functionality possible for all actors without having to use 3 rd party services . 
Priority : 3 3.6.1 The system mu st provide a wiki where actors can collaboratively create networks of documents . 
A freely available wiki should provide a simple markup language that actors can use to style actors 's input , as well as link to other pages in the wiki . 
3.6.2 The system must provide a blog engine . 
A freely available blog engine should provide all modern blog functionality , such as tagging , drafting , and comments . 
These blogs should share authentication and notification with Moodle . 
Priority : 3 3.7.1 The system must provide both e - mail and SMS notifications for pages . 
When a page is created , the actor in the role of course administrator should be able to toggle whether notifications are turned on . 
By default , they should be turned on for announcements . 
If notifications are turned off , actors in the capacity of student should be able to subscribe to notifications . 
Students should be able to select in Students 's preferences whether notifications are sent to Students 's mobile telephone -LRB- via SMS-RRB - or e - mail account . 
They should also be able to manage They 's notification subscriptions -LRB- for example , remove They from notifications-RRB - . 
General System Functional R equirements 4.1 Usability 4.1.1 As far as possible , the system should provide a simple , responsive interface . 
Although any courseware solution may be composed of diverse systems , applications , and processes , the underlying architecture should be transparent to the administrators . 
The system should be configurable from a single source at a central administrative position , and should provide a central , easy - to - use interface that will allow administrators to configure the user interface and features in a way that reduc es page clutter . 
4 Software Requirements Specification Date : 10/25 / 2007 Confidential Ed Altorfer , Walker Lindley , Chris Haller , Stefan Moluf , 2007 Page 13 A system will be considered to meet this requirement if this requirement has a single adm inistrative interface rather tha n individual links for editing each page . 
Furthermore , this interface must allow administrators to easily change themes and other s etting that affect page layout across the entire courseware system . 
Priority : 3 4.2 Reliability 4.2.1 The system must be backed up on a configurable schedule . 
Back - up requirements will need to be determined , based on individual components of the system . 
The syste m should be b acked up with a frequency that e nsures system and course data is protected . 
Since assignments will be submitted via the system , the system should be backed up on a nightly basis , with options for weekly , off - site backup when necessary . 
Priority : 2 4.2.2 The system should be available 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . 
It should not exclude maintenance windows , or scheduled downtime . 
It is only intended to convey the expectation tha t our 's customers should have access to the system during off - hours as well as business hours . 
99 % up - time should be considered sufficient to meet this requirement . 
Priority : 1 4.3 Performance 4.3.1 The system should support a t least 1000 concurrent users . 
The times when the system will be under the most stress are likely during midterm and finals weeks . 
Therefore , it must be able to handle at least 1,000 concurrent users . 
Priority : 1 4.4 Supportability 4.4.1 The system must be maintainable without substantial modifica tion . 
This will reduce the number of FTE hours spent maintaining the system and simplify maintenance tasks . 
4 Software Requirements Specification Date : 10/25 / 2007 Confidential Ed Altorfer , Walker Lindley , Chris Haller , Stefan Moluf , 2007 Page 14 Priority : 3 4.5 Design Constrai nts 4.6 On - line User Documentation and Help System Requirements 4.6.1 Relevant , online documentation for users should be available on each page . 
Users must have easy access to help while interacting with the system . 
Adequate user documentation should be provid ed to minimize the number of calls to the Help Desk about problems with the system . 
Modifications should be reported via the main page to inform actors of unexpected changes . 
This electronic documentation should be supplemented with phone and on - site suppo rt provided by the Office of Information Services . 
Priority : 3 4.6.2 System administrators must have access to comprehensive , searchable documentation . 
A comprehensive database of maintenance tasks and help files should be compiled to make the coursewar e system easier to maintain from an IT staff point - of - view . 
Search results should be displayed based on relevance . 
This documentation must cover all procedures necessary for regular maintenance with links to additional information , all common errors , and links or documentation for advanced troubleshooting .